Getting started guides for Kyma (#9296)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/getting-started/06-create-redis-service-instance.md

---
title: Create a ServiceInstance for the Redis service
type: Getting Started
---

To create a binding between the microservice and the Redis service, you must first create an [instance](https://svc-cat.io/docs/walkthrough/#step-4---creating-a-new-serviceinstance) of the previously provisioned service.

## Steps

Follows these steps:

<div tabs name="steps" group="create-redis-instance">
  <details>
  <summary label="kubectl">
  kubectl
  </summary>

1. Create a [ServiceInstance CR](https://svc-cat.io/docs/walkthrough/#step-4---creating-a-new-serviceinstance). You will provision the [Redis](https://redis.io/) service with its `micro` plan:

   ```yaml
   cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
   apiVersion: servicecatalog.k8s.io/v1beta1
   kind: ServiceInstance
   metadata:
     name: redis-service
     namespace: orders-service
   spec:
     serviceClassExternalName: redis
     servicePlanExternalName: micro
     parameters:
       imagePullPolicy: Always
   EOF
   ```

> 2. Check that the ServiceInstance CR was created. The last condition in the CR status should state `Ready True`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check that the ServiceInstance CR was created. This is indicated by the last condition in the CR status stating `Ready True`:
```

Author: I thought it might be better to reword it a bit to avoid "status stating" next to each other and came up with:
```
This is indicated by `Ready True` in the last condition of the CR status:
```

Would that be ok for you?

Author: `status being` rather than `status stating`?

   ```bash
   kubectl get serviceinstance redis-service -n orders-service -o=jsonpath="{range .status.conditions[*]}{.type}{'\t'}{.status}{'\n'}{end}"
   ```

    </details>
    <details>
    <summary label="console-ui">
    Console UI
    </summary>

> 1. Go to **Service Management** > **Catalog** in the left navigation panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the left navigation panel, go to **Service Management** > **Catalog**.
```
See [this comment](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/9296#discussion_r478392039).
